{{TNT|Extension
|name        = UploadFields
|license     = GPL-2.0-or-later
|status      = stable
|type1       = interface
|type2       = media
|author      = Alexia E. Smith ([[User:Alexia E. Smith|Alexia E. Smith]])
|version     = 0.0.3
|update      = 2018-11-08
|mediawiki   = 1.30+
|php         = 7.0+
|download    = {{TNT|GithubDownload|HydraWiki|UploadFields}}
|hook1       = onUploadFormInitDescriptor
|description = Adds a parser function called <tt>#ev</tt> for embedding video clips from popular video sharing services.
|vagrant-role      = UploadFields
}}

The '''UploadFields''' Extension is a MediaWiki extension which allows the configuration of custom upload fields to be added to the [[Special:Upload]] page.  Information from those custom fields is then added to the {{FileInfo}} template on the file page.

;Project Homepage: [https://github.com/HydraWiki/UploadFields Documentation at Github]
;Source Code: [https://github.com/HydraWiki/UploadFields Source code at Github]
;Bugs:[https://github.com/HydraWiki/UploadFields/issues issues at Github]
;Licensing: UploadFields is GPL-2.0+ Copyright 2017 Curse


== Installation ==

{{TNT|ExtensionInstall
|UploadFields
|download-link=[https://github.com/HydraWiki/UploadFields/archive/v0.0.3.zip Download, extract]
|custom-steps=* [[#Configuration|If necessary configure as required.]]
|registration=required
}}

== Usage ==

To create a new upload field start by creating a new page in the MediaWiki namespace.

The format of the page name is: <code>UploadField-field_type-Name</code>

Valid types are:
* '''select''' - Select drop down.  Supports option groups down to two depths.
* '''multiselect''' - Series of check boxes for multiple selection.  Supports option groups down to two depths.
* '''text''' - Single line text input.
* '''textarea''' - Multiple line text input.
* '''category''' - Display a multiple select drop down of existing categories on the wiki.

If you wanted a drop down HTML select field named "Game" you would create the definition page: <code>[[MediaWiki:UploadField-select-Game]]</code>

== Field Types ==

=== select and multiselect ===

These two types support two levels deep of listed options which is limited due to HTML specifications.  Simply make a standard unordered list up to ** deep.  Any blank lines and lines not starting with * with be ignored.

Each selection value should be in the format of: TemplateValue|Label Name

<pre><nowiki>
* Main Series
** Part1|This Amazing Game Part 1
** Part2|This Amazing Game Part 2

* Combinations
** CE|Collector's Edition
</nowiki></pre>

Example: Selecting "This Amazing Game Part 1" from the "Game" field when uploading a new image would result in "Game=Part1" being added to the FileInfo template.

<pre><nowiki>
{{FileInfo
|Game=Part1
}}
</nowiki></pre>

=== text and textarea ===

The text and textarea types add their respective single line or multiple line text fields to the upload form.  The content of the MediaWiki:UploadField-text(area)-Name definition page will be filled in as a default value and can be left blank.

=== category ===

The category type produces a multiple select check box list of existing wiki categories to choose from.  There is no filtering and any content added to the MediaWiki:UploadField-category-Name definition page will be ignored.